I've made a lobby. Password is 1 2 3 4.
Okay. Oh, hello. I'm in. Why? Why can I
Why is there just a thing on your face
with a woman on it? What is on your
face? I should be on in approximately 3
minutes. Wow. They've even got like the
the green tree box. This is going in the
in the beetle. Are you [__] I just
hear a look to my right and Will's just
holding a turd.
Will, I'm trying to push you. The
handbrake's on. What is happening here?
Why can I put the seat back whilst I'm
on the seat? Cuz this is a high quality
product.
Someone connected. Hello.
Oh, why am I here? Hello. What is
happen? No.
Already. It's upside down.
You not me. You the wheel. You know
what? We don't need that anyway. Yeah.
Let's have one of those. Oh, yes. Well,
I'm trying to record it in 1080, but
because my monitor is bigger, it's
stretched across the screen.
I know like you're midway through
sorting your PC, but what are you doing?
Like, what do you mean nothing?
Look at this. How are you doing that? We
don't need that anymore. I flipped the
beetle over.
I'm getting
in. Let's bounce. We need to follow the
road a particular way. I don't know
which which way. This way my mirror.
I can just see myself. Say hello. I'm
not like rubber banding.
What the hell?
Oh my god. What built this road? There's
a building there with a person. I'm
going to run him down.
Get me out of here. Golly murder. Good.
Can I skipping? Oh my. Oh no. What the
hell? Oh no. He's coming back for more.
What are you doing? Like No. No. Will no
bro. He actually got quieter in Discord
as if he was driving away. Why did the
tire come off but not the wheel?
What the hell? It's just the tire. Is
the wheel under the floor? The wheel is
under the floor. I can't pick it up.
Will.
What's in here? We're loading nothing.
There's only got one bullet in it. How
do I move stuff again? I forgot it. Ah,
yeah, it's loaded. Will. Hello.
Would you like to hop in?
Would you like to hop in? Die.
I had to pull the trigger on that
revolver like nine times for it to fire.
What in the JFK? Okay, well, we've still
got five wheels. I have no idea where
that other wheel came from. I don't even
know where we put fuel in this thing.
Where does it get? Oh, yeah. As I'm
trying to figure out how to refuel the
car, you just drive off with it. Oh,
yeah. Oh, no. How does reh hang on? Yes.
Are you exiting your boy? What is this
guy? This guy's like, "Oh, we have a
spare tire. Don't throw it away for
god's sake." proceeds to throw it away.
George, can I talk to you a sec over
here? So, you know, last time where he
just like messed everything up and it
was a big problem. Um, I
think I think he's going to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
And he was never seen again.
Well, we can get our own car. Um, magic.
Look at this. Behold. I don't know where
the hell's gone. He can just do his own
thing. Oh no. Oh my.
No. Jesus
Christ. That was a jump scare. Anyway,
no.
Enter from behind.
This is the worst chase if I can see
him.
Hello. Oh, what? Oh no. He's lagging so
bad. He's like spinning out 90 times. Oh
god. Here he comes again. Oh, there he
goes. Look at the speed.
Oh my god.
Oh [__] You hit the lamp post. Oh, come
on. You guys seem to be struggling. No.
Why do I seem so high up? I don't know.
No. What are you doing? What is
happening? The no will. Oh my god. Will
can you guys get out of the road? No. Oh
no.
Just [__]
I look back and your car is doing a
flip.
I don't know what just happened. George,
it might be worth turning around and Oh,
for crying out loud. We need to pick him
up. I am a mechanic. That's why it's in
such good condition. Oh no. Oh no.
That was the laggiest crash ever.
Oh no. Get me out of this.
Get out. Run away. What is he doing? You
just take the wheel off of our car and
put it onto yours.
He's stealing our wheels. What is that?
Get a load of this. Here's a dedicated
Weber weenie, man. Screw. Oh my god.
Jesus.
Oh no. The ultimate performance vehicle.
Even got pop
headlights. This door.
Where's Will? Where is he? Oh, I can't.
I'm a mechanic.
What's on the back of your car? Have you
took the bonnet off of our car and stuck
it onto yours? What? You can't just do
that. There's a building. What we got in
here? Are there any firearms? There's a
dead man in here. Where's the collision
in this game? So poo. I hate I hate
jump. I'm taking the fridge. I'm moving
this out the way. Where is Where's the
vehicles gone? Will Where's our cars?
You can't just say no. I can see him
over there taking stuff off it. What is
he doing? Well, he's robbed our vehicle
and taken parts of our car. Off goes the
negotiator.
Does not even go anywhere. Can it open?
Oh, wow. Look at that. Oh, I'll be there
in like 10 weeks. Give us a moment.
Yeah, you're going to you're going to
really enjoy this revolutionary bit of
crafting. That is No. What's happening
over here? What is No. No. That door is
Wait till you see this, George. This is
something. No.
How does
What, bro? All right, everyone in. I'm
not getting in there.
Wait, wait, wait. You're not George.
Wait, why am I dead? Did I kill
Will Caddy? What actually is the purpose
of this game? It's supposed to reach the
end of the road. God knows how the we're
going to bloody do that. I'm on my own.
Where have you gone? I can see I can see
Will all the way over there. Frolicking
through the field. I'm getting another
car. Oh, yes. Now this is more like it.
How do I get in? Oh, the bus. I know how
to get in. I know how to get in. Bus.
You have to go through the floor. What?
Where the am I? I don't know.
Let's play a game of Where's Willie? I
don't want to play that game.
Will, I see you. Oh, wow. I won. Where's
Willie?
[Laughter]
Oh,
no. That's unfortunate.
He's dead. I have returned. How do we
get in this sod bus? Show us the way.
Open the How are you in the what? Me on
the bus. George, do you see these people
embracing each other? Can we do that? Oh
my god. I should probably sit down. What
you What did you just say? Oh my god.
What? Oh no. He's on the bus. I'm going
to sit down. Fair is $6.99. Oh, is it? I
could just look so stupid in the mirror.
Well, there's gun violent.
What are you doing, Mug Wheel? I'm I'm
trying to enter you. What do you want to
be shot?
I'm sorry.
Is that a bendy bus? They've got bendy
buses. Screw this bus. I'm stuck on my
chair. How do I Can I turn this sod
radio off? Oh, now I've spawned that in
the wrong place. I can't move. Oh no.
This is Oh no, I think I've died. I am
dying. This is like two frames a second.
I tried to pick up a beer and died. The
Bendy bus doesn't look like it's
enjoying this. Here we go. What is
happening? This bus is so goddamn laggy.
I can't get on it. Look behind us.
Where? Let
me get off. What the hell is happening?
Oh my god. What is happening behind us?
Yeah, exactly. George, are you on yet? I
can't physically cannot get on cuz it
keeps teleporting.
Oh, he's getting in the back. I'm on.
Jesus Christ. Hello. George, do you like
getting in the back? No.
I want you to never say that to me ever
again.
I I can't move. This was a bad idea. I
don't trust the butts. That's not how
that works. My mirror. I can There we
go. I can see a building. Oh. Oh. Oh.
What they be having here? I don't think
that's how you drive a bike. It's not
going to work by moving your leg.
I think it needs to be upright for it to
function. George, can you spawn me in a
bike? If I must. One bike for Willie.
Man,
this is how you operate a boat. A bic
motor.
It's immediately on its side again. What
am I looking at?
Do I look cool? Yes. What in the evil
conval? No. No. Let me on the bike.
Watch him go. Look at the speed. Drive
by.
Are you Oh, just help yourself, why
don't you? I see a building with a tower
thingy on it over
there. Oh, good brakes. Good brakes.
Jesus Christ. What's in here? Hairbrush.
Wow. There's nothing here. That Oh, why
is there just a door here? That leaves a
sheer drop. What? I'm on roof. We're
going to see if there's full damage in
this game.
Oh no. No, bro. Oh my god.
[Laughter]
Look at the moves. I'm climbing a pole.
Such gaming. I'm on my way.
[Music]
He's in the floor. Did you die? I died,
bro. So, there is one. I'm going. You're
not going very fast.
Shut up.
I don't know. What happened?
What happened? Nothing. Definitely not a
driveby.
Did you just shoot my boy? No. How far
ahead is George? I don't know. He left
when you crashed. I'm still following
the same road. Did you not stop? No.
We're so far behind. I'll stop and wait.
Oh, I can see you coming. Look at the
speed. Hello. Goodbye.
Hello.
Anyway, can you fuel us up? How do you
pour it? Am I doing it? I think. Is your
tank open? Wait, I'm drinking it. Oh no.
Welcome to the filling up hour. I hope
you're enjoying this content. Two three
idiots tried to Oh no, I'm drinking it
again. And you've knocked the bike over.
I've had
it. It's leaking. No. Wait. No.
Oh, how hard can it be? Right then. Are
we ready to do it? I pooed. What the
hell?
He just pulled it out of his pocket like
it was nothing. Right, let's roll. Um, a
slight problem.
I look back. He was just on your side
again. Oh,
a spot of bother, are we? I think you
should stick to things with four wheels.
Why is it not going forward? It's not
working.
Stand up. Get up. Stand up for your
rights. Why did I literally never have
this problem? Why is it now you there?
You can get on it and drive it. I swear
to God if I get on my bike and I turn
around and it's on its side again. Well,
just know it wasn't me. Start it up.
Yeah. Press space and then you move
forward. Oh my god. Oh my god. He's
doing it. This is like teaching like a
5-year-old how to ride a bike for the
first time. Oh my god. This thing has
got some speed. This is sick. Oh my god.
Jesus. 120 km an hour. My speedo is off
the gauge. Oh no. No.
Oh, wait. What happened? Physics. I'm
going to see what's over here. Ain't no
way he's done it again. What is this
freaky R painting? Why would you have
this in your house? Oh, it's up. It's
down.
Our bikes are What have I done here?
I'll I'm not doing this anymore. Not it.
This is more like it. Oh my god, that
door noise. Do you realize that Will's
not with us? I've been left. I've been
abandoned.
He's not stopping.
Even on this new PC, this guy this this
game can't pick a frame rate to do. Oh
my. Why is this car so susceptible to
air time? Why did it steaming? Oh my
god, the lag. What is happening? Who
made this game? And why? Why is it only
turning left now? What have you done?
What? It's only turning left. I can't
wait. Are we missing a wheel? I don't
Hang on a minute. No. Okay, now it's
fixed. Oh, what the Why is it now only
going left again? What? What? Oh, no. I
I let go of like D and me and he's like,
"Yes, left." Hang on. And then I get
out. Get back in. And now it's fine
again. What? If you made it this far
into the vid, type 27 in the comments.
Real ones, type 27 in the comments.
Like, if I hold alt, I'm just My hand is
just doing a moment. What is Are you
seeing doing a moment?
He's just going.
Oh, what the Somebody connected.
Somebody guessed the password.
Oh. Oh, no. My blood. Wait. Whoa. Bro,
should we just leave? Get another card.
Just leave. Will. Yeah. Bye-bye. We
don't need him. Okay. Just put my hand
on your face. Hello,
my
boy. Just Oh yeah. Oh yeah. How
homoerotic building. Someone
disconnected. They gone. I can see. It's
a man. There's a man there. Can we say
hi to him? Yes. And definitely not shoot
him. Where he gone? All right. Ah.
There's a cough in here. Wait. Put him
in it. We can just put him in there.
Yes. Oh, this is this is our cosmic
reason for being here. To bury him back.
I've got him. We can do it. What the
hell? Just grabbing him by his
crotch. Right. Get in
there. Stick his leg in
there.
[Music]
And that sound. Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. Let's salute.
Goodbye, my boy.
[Laughter]
Anyway, there's a building down the
road. There's a pickup truck with a
flatbed thing on the back of it and
another car. There's a guy. Where's your
gun?
[Music]
Oh no. Can we just stick him in the boot
of this and pretend it never happened?
Get in the just sticking in his hand,
bro. Just play some miss. Oh dear. Oh.
Whoa. What just happened?
Where did you go?
What did you do? Nothing. I definitely
didn't shoot a propane tank. I want to
see if we can get the beetle on the back
of this flatbed. Ooh. Lining her up.
That's like half it. Oh. Oh, he's in.
Okay. What do I do now? Um, I just close
the back of the trailer up.
And now we've just got two cars. Punch
it, Chewy.
Does this truck not even work? I don't
think the truck works. Fuel tank is
empty. It's like a lightning symbol and
a uh man sleeping in a bowl.
Well, whack in the beetle then. Oh my.
Wow. Will, do you want to know something
really cool? I'm upside down. Yeah, we
left you.
How far how long ago did you leave me? A
while. It was a very very sad decision
and we took many minutes discussing what
we would do situation. Didn't you? Um,
we left instantly, didn't you?
That's a rock.
Is anybody else's game running like
complete dog ass right now? It's
absolutely It has been this whole time.
It's running at like 40 frames a second.
Brand new PC. It's probably because it's
having to render render my area as
yours. That's stupid. Why am I in the
ceiling of this car? How do you poo?
What the? You pooed so hard you knocked
the fridge over. It's over there.
Gaming canalis. Gaming. Is this a
sponsor? This video is brought to you by
gaming. The concept of gaming. John
Gaming has sponsored us for this video.
Why is there poo everywhere? Is that a
[__] detector?
[__] detected. [__] detected.
Oh boy. My frame rate is improving. So
that must mean Will is close. There he
is. I can see him. The car is not
moving. Oh no. Well, the way I see this,
there's only one way out.
By missing.
Oh. Oh, that's murder. How did that not
kill you? I'm too good. I'm very speedy.
We
ys. Look at my absolute speed. You can't
catch me. You thought you were going to
beat me. My zigzag is un unbeaten in I
am.
Oh, and for the pier
resistance. No.
[Laughter]
Subscribe to Rock
TV. Subscribe to
TV. Subscribe to Rock
TV. Subscribe to Rock TV. Yeah. Trick
shot. Put this man in phase.